README.md, before:

# README #

### What is this repository for? ###

Repository for the garbagepla.net api (made with Laravel 5.1). You can visit the front end [here](http://www.garbagepla.net).

### TODO

### Models & controllers
- [ ] make migrations for new routes / db tables
- [ ] only creator can edit / delete own data
- [ ] GET / POST lat lngs as single field (lat.lat,lng.lng) or in brackets
- [ ] add regex checks for fields in all controllers.
- [ ] make 'Join' and 'Confirm' controllers
- [ ] set CORS so that the api is accessible only from garbagepla.net for now

#### Licence
This code is available under the MIT licence, see [the license file](https://github.com/garbageplanet/api/blob/dev/license.md) for more details.

### Current unctionalities

api access is at http://dev.garbagepla.net/api

- create trash POST: /api/trashes
- get trash GET: /api/trashes/{id}
- delete trash DELETE: /api/trashes/{id}
- get trashes within bounds (coordinates: ne, sw) GET: /api/trashes/withinbounds?bounds=({ne_lat, ne_lng, sw_lat, sw_lng})
- authenticate user POST: /api/authenticate
- register user POST: /api/register
- get user details of authenticated user GET: /api/authenticate/user

Commit message:

added TODOs and added all fillable fields in models that receive form data from the frontend

README.md, after:

# README #

### What is this repository for? ###

Repository for the garbagepla.net api (made with Laravel 5.1). You can visit the front end [here](http://www.garbagepla.net).

### TODO

### Models & controllers
- [ ] make route for remove user account
- [ ] make `Join` controller and model for joining cleaning events
- [ ] make `Confirm` controller and model for confirming presence of garbage
- [ ] make `Game` controller and model to restrict user action in an area
- [ ] make `Access` controller and model for user to join games
- [ ] add new public function to the `User.php` model and edit the current ones to match the new routes/models
- [ ] make db migrations for new routes/models
- [ ] only creator can edit / delete own data
- [ ] GET / POST lat lngs as single field (lat.lat,lng.lng) or in brackets
- [ ] add regex checks for fields in all controllers.

### Network
- [ ] set CORS so that the api is accessible only from garbagepla.net for now

#### Licence
This code is available under the MIT licence, see [the license file](https://github.com/garbageplanet/api/blob/dev/license.md) for more details.

### Current unctionalities

api access is at http://dev.garbagepla.net/api

- create trash POST: /api/trashes
- get trash GET: /api/trashes/{id}
- delete trash DELETE: /api/trashes/{id}
- get trashes within bounds (coordinates: ne, sw) GET: /api/trashes/withinbounds?bounds=({ne_lat, ne_lng, sw_lat, sw_lng})
- authenticate user POST: /api/authenticate
- register user POST: /api/register
- get user details of authenticated user GET: /api/authenticate/user
